chore(aws-lambda-connector) add docs (#1233)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/integration-framework/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/available-connectors-overview.md

This section gives an overview of the **out-of-the-box Connectors** available in Camunda Platform 8:

> - [AWS Lambda](aws-lambda.md) - Invoke [AWS Lambda Functions](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/) from your BPMN process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [AWS Lambda Connector](aws-lambda.md) - Invoke [AWS Lambda Functions](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/) from your BPMN process.
```

> - [AWS Lambda](aws-lambda.md) - Invoke Lambda function with [AWS Lambda Function Service](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/) from your BPMN process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [AWS Lambda](aws-lambda.md) - Invoke [AWS Lambda Functions](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/) from your BPMN process.
```
